[Term Entry] PHP Arrays extract() #2753 (#2891)
Codecademy/docs: content/php/concepts/arrays/terms/extract/extract.md

---
Title: 'extract()'

> Description: 'Uses array keys as variable names and values as variable values and for each element creates a variable in the current symbol table.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Uses array of keys and values to create variables in the current symbol table.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`extract()`** method imports variables into the current symbol table from an array.

## Syntax

```pseudo
extract($array, flags, prefix)
```

The `extract()` function has one required parameter and some optional parameters:

- `$array`: Specifies the input `array`.

> - `flags`: Optional.The extract() function checks for invalid variable names and collisions with existing variable names. This parameter specifies how invalid and colliding names are treated. Below are possible values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `flags`: Optional. The `extract()` function checks for invalid variable names and collisions with existing variable names. This parameter specifies how invalid and colliding names are treated. Below are possible values:
```

>     - `EXTR_OVERWRITE`: Default. On collision, the existing variable is overwritten
>     - `EXTR_SKIP`: On collision, the existing variable is not overwritten
>     - `EXTR_PREFIX_SAME`: On collision, the variable name will be given a prefix
>     - `EXTR_PREFIX_ALL`: All variable names will be given a prefix
>     - `EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID`: Only invalid or numeric variable names will be given a prefix
>     - `EXTR_IF_EXISTS`: Only overwrites existing variables in the current symbol table, otherwise does nothing
>     - `EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS`: Only adds prefix to variables if the same variable exists in the current symbol table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `EXTR_OVERWRITE`: Default. On collision, the existing variable is overwritten.
    - `EXTR_SKIP`: On collision, the existing variable is not overwritten.
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_SAME`: On collision, the variable name will be given a prefix.
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_ALL`: All variable names will be given a prefix.
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID`: Only invalid or numeric variable names will be given a prefix.
    - `EXTR_IF_EXISTS`: Only overwrites existing variables in the current symbol table, otherwise does nothing.
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS`: Only adds prefix to variables if the same variable exists in the current symbol table.
```

    - `EXTR_REFS`: Extracts variables as references.
- `prefix`: Optional. If `EXTR_PREFIX_SAME`, `EXTR_PREFIX_ALL`, `EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID` or `EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS` are used in the `flags` parameter, a specified prefix is required.

The `extract()` function returns the number of variables extracted on success.

## Example

> The following example uses the `extract()` function to extract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates an implementation of the `extract()` function:
```

```php
<?php

>  $a = "Original";
> $my_array = array("a" => "Rat","b" => "Mule", "c" => "Ass");
> extract($my_array);
> echo "\$a = $a; \$b = $b; \$c = $c";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $a = "Original";
  $my_array = array("a" => "Rat","b" => "Mule", "c" => "Ass");
  extract($my_array);
  echo "\$a = $a; \$b = $b; \$c = $c";
```

?>
```

The example will result in the following output:

```shell
$a = Rat; $b = Mule; $c = Ass
```

## Codebyte Example

This example is runnable and uses the `extract()` function:

```codebyte/php
<?php

>   $size = "small";
> $var_array = array("color" => "navy",
>                    "size"  => "large",
>                    "shape" => "oval");
> extract($var_array, EXTR_PREFIX_SAME, "wddx");
> 
> echo "$color, $size, $shape, $wddx_size\n";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $size = "small";
  $var_array = array("color" => "navy",
                   "size"  => "large",
                   "shape" => "oval");
  extract($var_array, EXTR_PREFIX_SAME, "wddx");

  echo "$color, $size, $shape, $wddx_size\n";
```

---
Title: 'extract()'
Description: 'Uses array keys as variable names and values as variable values and for each element creates a variable in the current symbol table'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Web Design'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-php'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`extract()`** method imports variables into the current symbol table from an array.

## Syntax

```pseudo
extract($array, flags, prefix)
```

The `extract()` function has one required parameter and some optional parameters:

- `$array`: Specifies the input `array`.

> - `flags`: Optional.The extract() function checks for invalid variable names and collisions with existing variable names. This parameter specifies how invalid and colliding names are treated.
> Possible values:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `flags`: Optional.The extract() function checks for invalid variable names and collisions with existing variable names. This parameter specifies how invalid and colliding names are treated. Below are possible values:
```

>     - EXTR_OVERWRITE - Default. On collision, the existing variable is overwritten
>     - EXTR_SKIP - On collision, the existing variable is not overwritten
>     - EXTR_PREFIX_SAME - On collision, the variable name will be given a prefix
>     - EXTR_PREFIX_ALL - All variable names will be given a prefix
>     - EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID - Only invalid or numeric variable names will be given a prefix
>     - EXTR_IF_EXISTS - Only overwrites existing variables in the current symbol table, otherwise does nothing
>     - EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS - Only adds prefix to variables if the same variable exists in the current symbol table
>     - EXTR_REFS - Extracts variables as references.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `EXTR_OVERWRITE`: Default. On collision, the existing variable is overwritten
    - `EXTR_SKIP`: On collision, the existing variable is not overwritten
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_SAME`: On collision, the variable name will be given a prefix
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_ALL`: All variable names will be given a prefix
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID`: Only invalid or numeric variable names will be given a prefix
    - `EXTR_IF_EXISTS`: Only overwrites existing variables in the current symbol table, otherwise does nothing
    - `EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS`: Only adds prefix to variables if the same variable exists in the current symbol table
    - `EXTR_REFS`: Extracts variables as references.
```

> - `prefix`: Optional. If EXTR_PREFIX_SAME, EXTR_PREFIX_ALL, EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID or EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS are used in the extract_rules parameter, a specified prefix is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `prefix`: Optional. If `EXTR_PREFIX_SAME`, `EXTR_PREFIX_ALL`, `EXTR_PREFIX_INVALID` or `EXTR_PREFIX_IF_EXISTS` are used in the `flags` parameter, a specified prefix is required.
```

> 
> The `extract()` function returns the number of variables extracted on success.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `extract()` function returns the number of variables extracted on success.
```

## Example

The following example uses the `extract()` function to extract:

```php
<?php
 $a = "Original";
$my_array = array("a" => "Rat","b" => "Mule", "c" => "Ass");
extract($my_array);
echo "\$a = $a; \$b = $b; \$c = $c";
?>
```

The example will result in the following output:

```shell
$a = Rat; $b = Mule; $c = Ass
```

## Codebyte Example

This example is runnable and uses the `extract()` function:

> > **Note:** The example uses `extract()`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This note is redundant and unnecessary.
